c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\bin\Debug\ReadLaterBot.Test.dll
c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\bin\Debug\ReadLaterBot.Test.pdb
c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\bin\Debug\ReadLaterBoot.dll
c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\bin\Debug\Telegram.Bot.dll
c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\bin\Debug\ReadLaterBoot.pdb
c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.xml
c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\obj\Debug\ReadLaterBot.Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\obj\Debug\ReadLaterBot.Test.dll
c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\obj\Debug\ReadLaterBot.Test.pdb
c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\bin\Debug\Telegram.Bot.pdb
c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\bin\Debug\ReadLaterBot.Test.dll.config
c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\felipe.lopes.e-component\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Telegram - Read Later Boot\ReadLaterBot.Test\obj\Debug\ReadLaterBot.Test.csproj.App.config
